i've just had an email through
inviting me for a one-on-one coffee
break
with the like ceo head of gb
of my company they also said that even
after
restrictions are eased they anticipate
the majority of people
will continue working from home
[Music]
i have just finished my final statistics
tutorial and
i don't know how to feel about it like
i'm on my own now you know i just want
to do
practice questions and revise until the
exam now because i finished
all of the statistics content we
finished off with
a bit of bayes credibility theory
calculating credibility factors you know
deciding how credible some data is and
how much waiting should be put on it
big shout out to my tutor because she
was so helpful and explained things so
clearly throughout my tutorials and
actually i think my tutorials have
dragged me through my statistics content
i think without them i would not have
been keeping up with all the chapters
work i would have just been getting
bogged down with the earlier chapters
here's little buster
he just gave me a little lick i have to
say though my tutorial is right i've had
eight of them
and they're all about three and a half
hours long
and that is enough for me like
concentrating for three and a half hours
straight
with only a 10 minute break in the
middle is actually
it's at the limit hello everyone so i am
back at my desk
i'm actually logged on to my work
computer just because i've got a
catch-up call scheduled
with someone who is also in my team
hi
[Music]
okay i have just had my cat shop with
one of my colleagues which was
nice my company has a buddy system
basically where we get buddied up with
a grad from the year before when we
start it's nice to have someone to check
in with when you're working from home
because otherwise you just
kind of work and work and work i'm
actually feeling a lot
better because i just chatted to my
colleague about
typing up maths and equations in
microsoft word in the exams and how i
was worried i was going to be so slow
and i haven't practiced enough
and she was like don't worry i didn't
start practicing until
two weeks before her maths exams last
year
and they went fine and she passed so i
feel like it's doable
and that i'm starting practicing typing
them up with
plenty of time to spare one over n times
one over n minus one
c of n factorial exponential
large operator
i won't lie i'm not having a fun time
really
really not having a fun time i have been
trying to type out equations and i am
realizing
how much i hate equation editor in word
it is taking me
so long to even get through questions i
haven't even finished a question yet and
i swear i've been doing these questions
for a while i'm like look
all i've done is typed out a couple of
lines here
here's another question too all these
gamma functions and products that's
just not fun to have to type into words
and to everyone who's commented on
previous videos
saying why don't you use latex and
there's now a latex function
in microsoft word that is sadly against
the rules
i don't know why it's probably because i
think not everyone has access to
the latest version of word which has
latex in it and they want to make it
fair or something
i don't know i think what i'm gonna do
is go online and see if i can find
any model answers where people have
typed out their answers so i can see
how they're laying out and what notation
they're using
so in the tutorial company answers
instead of using like the actual greek
letter theta they've just typed out
t-h-e-t-a for example
and for x-bar they don't write x bar
they just write x
b a r but it's just not nice to look at
but i guess that's quicker than using
equation editor i have now made a plan
that for my last assignment
i am doing it in microsoft word whereas
for all of my previous assignments i'd
done them
by hand just because i was getting used
to the content and i was going to cross
the bridge
of typing it up in word later no my plan
is to do this final assignment
in word because this assignment is going
to get marked
so i can get feedback on my notation in
microsoft word
i'm just going to do the most easy
notation possible even if it's not the
most slickest notation
and then the marker can tell me if
that's not good enough
the dog is literally going crazy
downstairs i'm gonna get back
to it hello vlog today has taken an
exciting turn and i'm in the car
and i'm just driving around the corner
with my dad because i'm delivering
a birthday card for my friend it is
just an exciting evening getting out the
house in the car
for a good two minutes to deliver a card
the delivery is done and i've just spent
some time
down in the lounge chatting to my mum
and sister but
i'm suddenly feeling a bit worried this
evening because i've just got so much to
do
so i have just ticked off deliver card
because i have delivered the card
i now want to order a spare camera
battery
that is what i've been meaning to do for
ages
sis i'm leaving why do you have a
massive gift card
balance on here don't use it
okay i'm not basically my sister's
amazon account
has a like 58 pound amazon gift card on
it
and um i mean the camera battery is 59
pound which is
quite a lot for a camera battery and
this gift card would conveniently cover
all of that
but i'll be good and i won't use her
gift card i'm just ticking things off on
my reminder app
by the way what was i going to do next
i was going to message the malc 21 group
chat
and that is a group chat i have with all
of my
uni friends that i lived with in third
year because we lived
in malcolm street 21
i've messaged my uni group chat to
basically say
can we set a week that hypothetically
we'd go away on holiday later this year
i don't know whether it's going to be
possible i don't know what the situation
is going to be like covered wise
and our holiday would definitely still
be somewhere in the uk
currently the uk government are saying
21st of june
no more restrictions so it's looking
like a holiday could be possible
a bit of a reunion with my uni friends
which would be really nice and we've
been speaking about it but
i think it'd be good to set a week in
advance because i have to book time off
work
quite far in advance so for my business
finance module i've actually been
watching videos on an online classroom
and that's what i'm going to do this
evening i want to just get through
however many videos there are it's
probably only
half an hour was worth of videos i think
i'll probably highlight my
course notes alongside doing that and
try and make some of it sink in
i did go through some of the account
stuff familiarize myself with what a
statement of profit or boss looks like
and the balance sheet the accounting
equation
assets equals equity plus liabilities
and now i am satisfied that i have made
the most of my study day
tomorrow morning i have a tea break call
with one of my colleagues
but it's at 9 00 a.m and the fact that
it's called a tea
break really kind of indicates that i
should be working before that because
otherwise it's just not a break
also my uni friends responded to my
message about setting a week aside
for our summer trip if it can go ahead
and yeah it's looking good it's looking
like we might make some
more solid plans soon
so that should the circumstances arise
in which we can reunite and
have a fun summer trip then we can just
go for it and everyone's free i'm gonna
try not get my hopes up though because
we all know this pandemic is very
unpredictable
and honestly holidays would be a luxury
too i just want all of my friends and
family to get through this pandemic in
one piece
i'm gonna get in my pajamas and go to
bed now recently
i don't know what's happened to me but
i've just started staying up later and
later and later
for some reason whatever reason in the
last few weeks
i've just been tempted to stay up later
and later watching trash tv
and it just makes me tired the next day
so this evening i am vowing
to get straight in my pajamas and go
straight to bed right it's pancakes and
orange juice
not the best way to start your day yeah
hello everybody i'm having a coffee
break
how's it been going well it's been going
okay
to be honest like i'm having quite a lot
of fun because i've got quite a little
varied tasks today
i think i'm just feeling a lot happier
with work because it's eased off a bit
since january which is good because
january was really hectic
but the busiest time of year for the
team that i'm in
this morning i have just been doing a
technical review of a colleague's
work basically as someone else who works
on the same project team as me
and she's made changes to a file and i
just need to go through and check all
the formulae in the file and how it's
linking
up different files and make sure that
the numbers we're pulling through
are correct it actually took quite a
while though it was dealing with
the effect of exchange rates on our
numbers and
it just took a little bit of thinking to
understand the logic
that we are taking this afternoon i'm
going to be
looking through various wordy documents
with lots of information on various
insurance classes of business and terms
of contracts a lot of it is kind of
interesting to see all the variation you
get across the industry and like the
effect of the market
the day is off to a smooth start
hello i am quite tired it's been
quite a full-on day since i last spoke
to you
i put some makeup on as well at around
lunchtime because
i had a call this afternoon that i knew
quite a number of people would be on
and i just thought i should make an
effort with my face for once
i'm gonna have to work a bit later this
evening as well because i had to take
some time
out for another call this afternoon but
that's okay
i'm like i'm in the swing of the work
now i've got a spreadsheet up right here
have i got everything done i want to get
it done today
no but will i get it done before dinner
time
probably i think i'm gonna go for
another two hours-ish and then call it a
day
[Music]
oh my god this is like the third time i
want to say
the excel has crashed on me today
and it's always this same file this file
has an issue i swear
that's so annoying oh i think i saved it
two minutes ago
oh thank goodness
[Music]
here we have garlic and herb chicken
breasts
it's just a ready meal so you know i'm
making a fuss about it but actually
[Applause]
stop that tricky what i'm doing i just
gotta put this on a tray
and put it in the oven look at me
cooking i think it is probably quite bad
that i've reached the age of 22 and i
can't cook properly
but the thing is i've just never had a
reason to learn and my plan is actually
when i actually get into an office
there's a canteen
at my company's office so i could just
literally
eat at the canteen at lunchtime it would
be more pricey than cooking for myself
for sure but maybe worth it for a more
chilled evening
good morning everybody so i've just been
sitting here this morning you know
going about my daily business logging on
getting all of my work as usual your
normal book standard day
and now guess what's just happened i've
just had an email through
inviting me for a one-on-one coffee
break
with the like ceo head of gb
of my company oh my god and like guys
my company is not small it is a big
company and this guy
is is he's the top dog this is wild
honestly
so basically i am signed up to this
coffee randomizer thing that my company
does the idea of the randomizer is you
kind of meet people who work in
different segments of the business
and it's actually designed for young
people to sign up to as
well but obviously this head
guy ceo guy heard about it and was like
i want to join in
on the coffee randomizer and i've just
had an email saying
i have been randomly picked oh my god
it's a 30-minute call a 30-minute call
i'm quite excited actually like getting
the opportunity to speak to someone like
that like
he's crazy successful right i was
panicked at first
and slightly shocked i'm the little rat
at the bottom of the chain who does all
of
the little work in the insurance
consulting side of things and does a bit
of data processing and it's completely
new to it and this guy is like
the ceo i've actually been in the same
room as this
guy once when i was on my internship it
was my first day and
all of the interns from across the
company in the country
all had this induction day together and
this
head guy made an appearance and then
they were going on afterwards about how
we need to be prepared at any moment
if we bump into him in an elevator to
give an elevator pitch
and i feel like this is my opportunity
to do an elevator pitch
i'm reeling i'm actually reeling
hey so i've calmed down a bit from
oh i wasn't talking to you siri i don't
know what that means
yeah i wasn't talking to you if you like
um yeah i've calmed down
from this morning's excitement of my
coffee randomizer invite and
yeah been getting my work done now it's
lunch time
i've got a sandwich and some crisps but
i'm at my desk
because i am listening to a talk over
lunchtime
my company often runs these kind of
educational talk things
over lunch times for starters they're
good to attend because you can learn
something about
a niche area of insurance or the
business that the company does
and the other reason they're good is
that to be
a member of the ifoa the institute and
faculty of actuaries
you have to complete a certain number or
learning hours each year i don't
actually know what they're called and i
don't know much about it i probably need
to look into it more because
every year you need to submit evidence
that you have been
putting time into learning and
development and that continues even
after you qualify but i just have to
complete the ifoa student requirements
this year but
these sessions are a good way to do it
[Music]
bye
so i'm finished with work now i actually
called my uni friends up this evening
because we have
more or less weekly virtual coffee
breaks at the moment
not that they're really a coffee break
anymore because most of the time
we are cooling at like 5 p.m when
everyone's finished with work
plan now is to have my dinner because i
smell pizza
another day another dollar guys here we
go again
i am just logging on for my friday
work oh gosh i'm sure i can make
that i have a clash on my calendar
basically
one thing is more important than the
other but the less important thing
i really wanted to go to i don't know
when to ask to move again because
the more important thing is with someone
who is like
really busy and i know they have
trouble probably fitting this into their
schedule so i don't want to be
ungrateful that they've managed to slot
me in somewhere but also it clashes with
this session i wanted to go to
hello so it's nearing lunchtime and this
morning's gone okay
you know i'm in quite high spirits my
tummy is rumbling so
food is going to be necessary soon had a
meeting with my line manager this
morning
told her about my meeting with the head
of
gv ceo person and
she was like wow so you know we had a
bit of a brainstorm on
what the conversation topics can be for
this coffee break which by the way i
don't know when it's going to be yet i
haven't even had a date put in the diary
yet
although talking of coffee breaks i
messaged
the graduates group chat that we have
just to say anyone fancy reviving our
coffee break on monday
because we're all working from home it's
worked out that i haven't spoken
to any of the other graduates who joined
the company with me
since before christmas and that's quite
sad
the graduates are all kind of in the
same position as me we're all
in the first year of a job and we're all
sitting exams for the first time soon
and yes so i sent this message and i had
a really positive response like everyone
responded really quickly like yes let's
do it i'm like oh
you know when you haven't spoken to
people for a while and you start
thinking oh yeah no they probably
wouldn't want to catch up with me
so i'm just pleased i reached out
because i think sometimes it just takes
that one person
to initiate something and organize
something and then
it just makes everyone a little bit
happier because otherwise we're all just
really bored and lonely in lockdown
oh my goodness me i've got loads of
errors coming up on my spreadsheet
right i'm gonna finish working on this
spreadsheet
take a lunch break take my dog for a
[Music]
walk
good evening so i've made it to the end
of the week
i've submitted my timesheet i have
logged off
it is now the evening we had an email
come out today
basically saying what plans are for
office reopenings they are obviously
remaining closed
to the majority of people
while restrictions are still in place
and of course i expected that so
until the 21st of june at least the
office
will remain closed to all colleagues who
can
feasibly work from home and i get it you
know as much as i'd like to be in an
office
and having that interaction with people
and also
the easier learning experience by being
in an office
i also know that it's well worth the
sacrifice of being at home
for preventing the spread of this virus
but
what worried me in the email that was
sent out today
was they also said that even after
restrictions are eased they anticipate
the majority of people
will continue working from home and they
didn't say much more than that and
i mean i don't know what that means
whether the company plans
to reduce office spaces in the long term
and permanently have lots of people
working from home
or whether they're just saying it's
going to take some time to
get everyone back into the office after
restrictions ease and people just won't
be back in immediately but they do plan
to get people back in
i don't know but it just it just sounded
worrying to me as in
they might just be happy leaving people
working from home for
a very long time even when lockdown
is eased one of the big reasons i
opted for this career path
was that you worked in an office
surrounded by
lots of other people who you can
interact with every day and my thoughts
were that
academia and research would be really
isolating but now i'm wondering like
are all jobs just gonna be really
isolating from now on
is that the new normal a little bit
worried about
what's gonna happen pandemic but i
suppose it's out of my control
and we can only play it by year and it
might be a long time before
lockdown gets eased anyway other than
that
it's been an okay day it's just another
day oh look down
thank you guys for watching give the
video a like if you enjoyed it
subscribe to my channel follow my
instagram and
i'll see you soon with another video bye
[Music]
you